# W100 | Inefficient Asset Creation
The warning W100 in Siv3D is triggered when assets are newly created and discarded in consecutive frames. Creating and discarding high-cost assets like `Texture`, `Audio`, `Font`, etc., in every frame can lead to a significant decrease in performance.

## Example of Code Triggering the Warning
```cpp
# include <Siv3D.hpp>

void Main()
{
	while (System::Update())
	{
		// Each frame reads image data from the image file and creates a new texture (inefficient)
		const Texture texture{ U"example/windmill.png" };

		// Draw the texture
		texture.draw();
		
		// At the end of the frame, texture is discarded
	}
}
```


## Explanation
Asset classes such as `Texture`, `Audio`, `Font` involve high-cost operations like file reading and memory allocation. Hence, continuously creating these in the main loop for each frame can significantly lower performance. This warning is issued when the asset classes shown below are detected as being newly created and discarded in all consecutive 30 frames.

- `Texture`
- `Audio`
- `Font`
- `DynamicTexture`
- `RenderTexture`
- `MSRenderTexture`
- `Mesh`
- `Model`
- `Effect`
- `Script`
- `VertexShader`
- `PixelShader`


## Solutions

### Method 1: Create assets before starting the main loop
In the following code, the texture is created before the start of the main loop. The created texture is reused until the program ends, preventing a decrease in performance due to the new creation and discard of assets per frame.

```cpp
# include <Siv3D.hpp>

void Main()
{
	// Reads image data from an image file and creates a texture
	const Texture texture{ U"example/windmill.png" };

	while (System::Update())
	{
		// Draw the texture
		texture.draw();
	}
}
```

While this method is simple and intuitive, it requires loading all assets initially, which may prolong the initial load time. To delay the load until actually needed, use methods 2 or 3.


### Method 2: Use asset management functions
In the following code, the texture is managed through the asset management function. With this approach, asset creation is performed only the first time it is used.

```cpp
# include <Siv3D.hpp>

void Main()
{
	// Register a texture asset
	TextureAsset::Register(U"Windmill", U"example/windmill.png");

	while (System::Update())
	{
		// Use the texture asset
		TextureAsset(U"Windmill").draw();
	}
}
```


### Method 3: Control unnecessary asset creation
In the following code, the texture is created in the main loop, but unnecessary creation is prevented by properly managing the variable's state.

```cpp
# include <Siv3D.hpp>

void Main()
{
	Texture texture;

	// Flag for whether the texture load failed
	bool failed = false;

	while (System::Update())
	{
		// If the texture is not created and has not failed to load
		if ((not texture) && (not failed))
		{
			if (SimpleGUI::Button(U"Load", Vec2{ 40, 40 }))
			{
				texture = Texture{ U"example/windmill.png" };

				// If the texture load failed
				if (not texture)
				{
					failed = true;
				}
			}
		}

		// If the texture is created, draw it
		if (texture)
		{
			texture.draw();
		}
	}
}
```


## How to Suppress the Warning
There might be special cases where you want to disable this warning, such as evaluating the performance of Siv3D, debugging, or choosing to accept performance risks rather than dealing with the warning. In such cases, you can suppress the warning by setting `Profiler::EnableAssetCreationWarning(false)`.
