# E200 | Asset Initialization Before Engine Startup
The error E200 in Siv3D is triggered when an attempt is made to initialize asset classes managed by the Siv3D engine (`Texture`, `Audio`, `Font`, etc.) before the start of the Main function. These assets cannot be initialized before the engine starts up.


## Example of Code Triggering the Error
```cpp
# include <Siv3D.hpp>

// Cause of the error: Declaring an asset class as a global variable
Texture g_texture;

void Main()
{
	while (System::Update())
	{

	}
}
```


## Explanation
The E200 error is raised when any of the following asset classes are initialized before the Siv3D engine starts up. In particular, declaring these as global variables will attempt initialization before the engine starts, leading to the error.

- `Texture`
- `Audio`
- `Font`
- `DynamicTexture`
- `RenderTexture`
- `MSRenderTexture`
- `Mesh`
- `Model`
- `Effect`
- `Script`
- `VertexShader`
- `PixelShader`


## Solutions

### Method 1: Initialize assets within the Main function
By initializing assets after the engine has started, i.e., within the `Main` function, you can avoid the problem.

```cpp
# include <Siv3D.hpp>

void Main()
{
	Texture texture;

	while (System::Update())
	{

	}
}
```


### Method 2: Utilize asset management functions
By using Siv3D's asset management functions to manage assets, you can access assets from the entire program like global variables.

```cpp
# include <Siv3D.hpp>

void Draw()
{
	// Use the texture asset
	TextureAsset(U"Windmill").draw();
}

void Main()
{
	// Register a texture asset
	TextureAsset::Register(U"Windmill", U"example/windmill.png");

	while (System::Update())
	{
		Draw();
	}
}
```


### Method 3: Use pointers to delay initialization
You can solve the problem by using pointers like `std::unique_ptr` or `std::shared_ptr` to delay the initialization of assets to within the Main function. However, you must explicitly release the pointer before the end of the Main function. If the pointer is not released before the end of the Main function, the engine's shutdown process will not be performed correctly.

```cpp
# include <Siv3D.hpp>

// Use a pointer to delay initialization
std::unique_ptr<Texture> g_texture;

void Main()
{
	g_texture = std::make_unique<Texture>(U"example/windmill.png");

	while (System::Update())
	{
		g_texture->draw();
	}

	// Explicitly release the pointer
	g_texture.reset();
}
```
